Translation revisions (#569)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/koto_008.txt

//rそれでも、横にいた志乃が呆れかえるほどに喜んでくれた陸の顔を見ていると、…最高に、幸せだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それでも、横にいた志乃が呆れかえるほどに喜んでくれた陸の顔を見ていると、…最高に、幸せだった。",

> 			NULL, "Even so, when I saw Riku looking so delighted to the point it was exasperating Shino... I was beyond happy.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Even so, when I saw Riku looking so delighted to the extent it exasperated Shino... I was beyond happy.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "元より内と外という異なる痛みであるため比べようもないのだが、慣れきった外の痛みと違い、初めて経験する内側からの痛みはあまりにも凶暴だ。",

> 			NULL, "Internal and external pain were different to begin with, so they probably shouldn't be compared. But the unlike the external pain I'd gotten used to, this internal pain I was experiencing for the first time was far too brutal.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Internal and external pain were different to begin with, so they probably shouldn't be compared. But unlike the external pain I'd gotten used to, this internal pain I was experiencing for the first time was far too brutal.", Line_Normal);
```
